Add channel and distance to event params (#4)
migeyel/ecnet: README.md

- `listenerId` - The `id` field of the listener that received this request.
- `request` - The request to pass on to the `accept` method.
- `side` - Which modem the request was received through.

> - `channel` - The channel the request was sent on.
> - `distance` - Distance of the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel` - The channel the request was received on.
- `distance` - Distance to the sender of the underlying modem message. This may not match the true originator for relayed messages.
```

Author: didn't think about relay programs, good point.

### `"ecnet2_message", connectionId: string, sender: string, message: any`
A message in a connection.
- `connectionId` - The `id` field of the connection that received this message.
- `sender` - The sender's address.
- `message` - The deserialized message data.

> - `channel` - The channel the message was sent on.
> - `distance` - Distance of the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel` - The channel the message was received on.
- `distance` - Distance to the sender of the underlying modem message. This may not match the true originator for relayed messages.
```
